TODO.md, before:

# TODO

## from photo a day sheep bot

- may want to improve handling.
- philosophy of "keep it simple" is ok for a bot
- transform bots into templates
- point is not to provide a bunch of templates
- point is to arm you with an extensible framework
- we implement opinionated decisions
- however, we keep it simple and easy to override defaults
- if you want text + images, extend it yourself.
- there's a bazillion ways to define bot behavior.
- we don't want to prescribe any in particular.
- templates are *literally*, lemme throw this bot together.

## do it now

tests:
- write more tests.
- think coverage. 
- keymaker, sheep, shepherd.
- also, logger.

examples:
- fix up examples

Logging:
- in the process of setting up tests, work out the logging too
- what happens when stuff fails?
- how do we catch exceptions more gracefully?
- how do we record exceptions in the log file?

MQ Logging:
- what would it take to add a backend plugin to log to MQ?

Keymaker:
- when it looks for where to put the keys:
    - we run an open() on the filename the user passes
    - no check whether it is a directory or a file
    - no check whether it exists
    - no mkdir -p command
    - fix this!!!

sheep:
- add new actions 

infrastructure: documentation
- mkdocs for documentation
- webhooks to build documentation

infrastructure: pypi
- branches and tags on pypi?
    - stable branch
    - dev branch
    - tags

infrastructure: dockerhub
- dockerhub webhooks - what does dockerhub trigger?
- github webhooks - dockerhub registry webhook set up 
- branches and tags on dockerhub?
    - stable branch
    - dev branch
    - tags


## documentation

screenshot video:
- abbreviated version of signing in and setting up keys
- the basic bot 
- running the bot
- seeing the output

philosophy of rmm: p1
- important: we are NOT trying to cover every possible base
- NOT just showing how to use existing objects
- showing how and where to add new functionality (extensible)
- abstracts away the details of credential management for multiple bots
- abstracts away the storage of keys and bot-specific information
- that way, you can focus on extending the sheep to do what you want

philosophy of rmm: p2
- going through photoaday bot
- not bending over backwards to provide stellar templates
- it's actually much faster for the user to write their own
- we give you the lego blocks
- you design your own lego ship
- not a movie set miniature

the main idea:
- three core objects
- keymaker, shepherd, sheep (and lumberjack)
- two steps: set up keys, run forever

Keymaker:
- keymaker: files-based keymaker, and items-based keymaker

Sheep:
- default behavior
- patterns for overriding
    - word examples
    - code examples
- what does a sheep do by default?
    - tweet calls `_tweet(twit)`
    - twit comes from `populate_queue()`
    - `populate_queue()` by default creates five hello world messages
    - let the user know, this is the method to override
- address the question: what methods does the user need to override?
    - do they override tweet()?
    - do they override `populate_queue()`?
    - can they just set parameters?
    - can they write a custom routine that takes new parameters?
- what actions are defined?
- can bots upload multimedia?


## done

<s>upgrade to python 3:
- go through and improve/modernize everything
- print statements
- etc.</s>

<s>docstrings:
- Keymaker docstrings
- Shepherd docstrings
- Sheep docstrings</s>

<s>documentation:
- mkdocs</s>

## do it later

pypi checkist:
* changelog
* bump version number
* install with new verion number
* run tests
* release on pypi (sdist, wheel)
* make temp env
* ensure installation works
* git push
* git push tags


pypi:
- travis/circleci/tox?
- how to get credentials into containers, in secret?
- [cookie cutter python package](https://github.com/audreyr/cookiecutter-pypackage)
    - testing setup
    - travis setup
    - tox testing
    - sphinx docs
    - bumpversion
    - autorelease to pypi
    - command line interface with click

prepare for pypi release:
- tests without credentials
- tests with credentials

Commit message:

update rainbow mind machine to pass the keymaker tests that were just added

TODO.md, after:

# TODO

## tests

tests:
- write more tests.
- think coverage. 
- keymaker, sheep, shepherd.
- also, logger.

failing?
- problem reading from apikeys
- need to be able to point to external json

## do it now

examples:
- fix up examples

Logging:
- in the process of setting up tests, work out the logging too
- what happens when stuff fails?
- how do we catch exceptions more gracefully?
- how do we record exceptions in the log file?

MQ Logging:
- what would it take to add a backend plugin to log to MQ?

Keymaker:
- when it looks for where to put the keys:
    - we run an open() on the filename the user passes
    - no check whether it is a directory or a file
    - no check whether it exists
    - no mkdir -p command
    - fix this!!!

sheep:
- add new actions 

infrastructure: documentation
- mkdocs for documentation
- webhooks to build documentation

infrastructure: pypi
- branches and tags on pypi?
    - stable branch
    - dev branch
    - tags

infrastructure: dockerhub
- dockerhub webhooks - what does dockerhub trigger?
- github webhooks - dockerhub registry webhook set up 
- branches and tags on dockerhub?
    - stable branch
    - dev branch
    - tags


## documentation

screenshot video:
- abbreviated version of signing in and setting up keys
- the basic bot 
- running the bot
- seeing the output

philosophy of rmm: p1
- important: we are NOT trying to cover every possible base
- NOT just showing how to use existing objects
- showing how and where to add new functionality (extensible)
- abstracts away the details of credential management for multiple bots
- abstracts away the storage of keys and bot-specific information
- that way, you can focus on extending the sheep to do what you want

philosophy of rmm: p2
- going through photoaday bot
- not bending over backwards to provide stellar templates
- it's actually much faster for the user to write their own
- we give you the lego blocks
- you design your own lego ship
- not a movie set miniature

the main idea:
- three core objects
- keymaker, shepherd, sheep (and lumberjack)
- two steps: set up keys, run forever

Keymaker:
- keymaker: files-based keymaker, and items-based keymaker

Sheep:
- default behavior
- patterns for overriding
    - word examples
    - code examples
- what does a sheep do by default?
    - tweet calls `_tweet(twit)`
    - twit comes from `populate_queue()`
    - `populate_queue()` by default creates five hello world messages
    - let the user know, this is the method to override
- address the question: what methods does the user need to override?
    - do they override tweet()?
    - do they override `populate_queue()`?
    - can they just set parameters?
    - can they write a custom routine that takes new parameters?
- what actions are defined?
- can bots upload multimedia?


## done

<s>upgrade to python 3:
- go through and improve/modernize everything
- print statements
- etc.</s>

<s>docstrings:
- Keymaker docstrings
- Shepherd docstrings
- Sheep docstrings</s>

<s>documentation:
- mkdocs</s>

## do it later

pypi checkist:
* changelog
* bump version number
* install with new verion number
* run tests
* release on pypi (sdist, wheel)
* make temp env
* ensure installation works
* git push
* git push tags


pypi:
- travis/circleci/tox?
- how to get credentials into containers, in secret?
- [cookie cutter python package](https://github.com/audreyr/cookiecutter-pypackage)
    - testing setup
    - travis setup
    - tox testing
    - sphinx docs
    - bumpversion
    - autorelease to pypi
    - command line interface with click

prepare for pypi release:
- tests without credentials
- tests with credentials
